Implement parallel Welfords algorithm (#494)
maicos-devel/maicos: docs/src/devdoc/own_module.rst

For further questions feel free to ask us on our Discord_ server.

.. _`Discord`: https://discord.gg/mnrEQWVAed

Observable averaging and error estimation
-----------------------------------------

> When writing modules for MAICoS you will collect per-frame observables in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing own modules, ``MAICoS`` will collect per-frame observables in the private attribute
```

``self._obs`` object inside your :meth:`_single_frame` method. Each entry in
``self._obs`` should be a numeric scalar or a numpy array. Make sure to keep
the shape of any array-valued observables consistent across frames. (For example
by using the bin numbers provided by the Base classes.)

On the first analysed frame MAICoS initialises several internal accumulators
from ``self._obs``:

- ``sums``: running sums of the observables (used for totals or mean accumulation)
- ``means``: running means (initialised from the first-frame values)
- ``sems``: standard errors of the mean (initially zero or NaN arrays with the correct
  shape)
- ``pop``: integer counts per observable/bin

> - ``M2``: running M2 accumulator used for variance/error estimation

Reviewer: maybe but the as `:attr:` syntax to format this in a nice way as real attributes.
